British English Academy.
A2 listening activity.
Course: A2 Everyday English.
Module 1: Daily Life and Social Communication.
Lesson 1: Daily Life and Social Communication: Grammar Lesson 1.
Listen and repeat the useful phrases.
Listen for the target grammar. Notice the form, the meaning, and the example.
Learning objective: Learners can describe, compare and exchange simple information in a grammar task about travel.
Today you will practise language connected to travel.
Target language: past simple.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise grammar for daily life and social communication. You will learn useful language connected to travel and practise past simple. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A2 level.